Liqbase Info.

Liqbase changes everything.  It's a ground up rethink of how Touch UIs should work.

It is faster than paper.

I like to draw and sketch things which make me smile.
I try to build things in Liqbase to bring those sketches to life.
It is a playground for all my ideas.

##### Motivation

Ever since I was a boy, I have been fascinated with touch screens, from using a light pen on the ZX Spectrum through my Amiga and onwards into Windows until finally diving into Maemo Linux and implementing and coalescing the ideas within what became Liqbase.
I wanted design to account for touching.
I have written and drawn my ideas of in-numerous notepads and wished all along to bring them to life and touch them.
There are hundreds of similar simpler projects written in every language I ever learn to program inside of!

Combined with a dedication and desire to optimize and make the best of things to hand Liqbase ends up behaving like the computer I always dreamt of.
It is quick, simple and personal.

##### Licensing

Liqbase Playground and my applications are licensed under version 2 of the GPL.
The Liqbase library is currently licensed as GPL v2, whilst under discussion to be re-licensed as LGPL v2.
These are Open Source licenses which encourage participation and teamwork.

##### I vs We

I can do some things, but we can do so much more.

##### Contributors

List of contributors who have assisted with this Open Source Liqbase implementation.

These people have offered input in numerous areas of Liqbase.
Usually in the form of advice and discussions then I plough in and try to code it.
My code is poor and I do not have enough fingers, therefore implementations are usually streamlined and bare bones.
These are mainly linked to discussions about implementation specifics on topics I know nothing about.

Kot         c low levelness, Linux tutoring, x86 consideration
Seb         tag cloud
Zack        textbox bugfixes, mon
W00t        c++guard, fixes and cleanup
Qwerty      install and hildon
Simon       gst cam,detection talks
Stskeeps    late night chats, irc
Lbt         git help, advice
Sampo       dedication and strength
Johnx       late night chats
Daniels     xvideo mode which liqbase uses
Jaffa       bright buttons prototype
Spyro       mic, optimising buddy
Kath        sheep, confidence
Tammy       supercoder :)
Rm_you      brightness, advice
Jott        advice, rotated thinking
Kees        debian package advice
Jeremiah    debian package advice
Qole        cheerleader
X-fade      builder help
Andre       bugzilla help
Texrat      grassroots community strength
Wazd        art critique!
Robot101    url link history, team building
Adele       UX advice, cats
Sanna       UX and trying hard :)
Timeless    its vs it's and language and mxr
Vlad        live bg support for liqflow!
Ciroip      clock
Alban       alban art
Ryan        web layout
Javispedro  packaging and many idle chats
Timsamoff   chats and meegon
Jussi       driving to hospital
Quim        devices and conf
Danielw     running mate
Timoph      importance of testing
Frals       mms, walking through a non trivial app with me :)
Valario     chats
vgrade      doc formatting
AlterEgo    qml/widget considerations
Dawn        devices and conf
Amy         devices and conf
Digia       rocket icon and layouts
Forum Nokia UX advice
WK          OneDotZero linkup!
OneDotZero  OneDotZero of course!
Karsten     OneDotZero
Tracy       lover, mother of kids etc, helps me with clear English
Luke        tester #1 style
Jacob       tester #2 tictactoe
Richard     many things, his bowl polishing story
Craig       movember motivator
Leigh       music sheets are for guidance only
Barry       ed, fractint, the stone soup group, beard advice :)


As well as a load of other people from Maemo and MeeGo. :)
I have spoken with literally hundreds of people and discussed how things could be achieved.
If I have omitted your name from this list, please get in contact.

Different widgets in Liqbase have been inspired based on drawing a sketch whilst talking to someone.
For instance, the clock widget was first drawn when talking with ciroip.
This clock still retains his name to this day even though he has never actively touched Liqbase code.

##### Core ideas

Whilst there have been many contributors to different parts of Liqbase, the driving force behind it has been my love for sketching and fluid motion.
The cell and sketches have been implemented by myself in numerous languages.
It is like birdsong to me; when I think of code, I know those sorts of items will not be far behind.

Gary Birkett,
Smile Architect.



